[repo] Update docs with third-party code inclusion guidance (#5195)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: CONTRIBUTING.md

some housekeeping needs to be done in public API definitions (`.publicApi`
folder). This can be done automatically via a code fix offered by the public API
analyzer.

## License requirements

OpenTelemetry .NET is licensed under the [Apache License, Version
2.0](./LICENSE.TXT).

### Copying files from other projects

OpenTelemetry .NET uses some files from other projects, typically where a binary
distribution does not exist or would be inconvenient.

The following rules must be followed for PRs that include files from another
project:

- The license of the file is
  [permissive](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Permissive_free_software_licence).

> - The license of the file is left in-tact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The license of the file is left intact.
```

Author: Updated

> - The contribution is correctly attributed in the [3rd party

Reviewer: Would you be attributing the existing third-party code in the `THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.TXT` in some follow-up PR?

Author: That's what #5190 was all about. You think any more is needed?

Reviewer: I was checking the dotnet runtime repo's `THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.TXT` and their attributions are more specific where they list out the individual components/file copied along with the project URL that it's copied from.

I was wondering if we want to do that as well instead of having a blanket attribution to "Copyright (c) .NET Foundation and Contributors".

Just a thought. Not a blocker by any means.
